Rowell notes

So none of my laptops run cesium 

I have a desktop that will has gpu

Windows or Linux?

Tensorflow usage?
PyTorch usage?
Unreal plug-in usage?

Examples of gans so far

Start with random noise 

Generator generates image and 

Decider guesses if it was real or fake data 

Example generated hand written numbers using the lenet dataset 

Gans being used to generate 3d models? Or fire representations in 3d space or what?

What gan implementation 

Object gan?

What can I be doing of any sort to be helping 

Don’t take up too much of his time 

End platform destination possibilities?
iOS android desktop3? Web?

Three gs unreal probably has web builder though using open gl or whatever 

No marketplace in Ubuntu 
Tensorflow gpu also super difficult I couldn’t get it working properly tried docker and then install locally only docker gpu worked I think and was restricted to Jupiter notebook 

Object gans for 3d object creation

Gan object generation

Liar uas based liar self driving car

Detect rapid objects using object gan

Random 

3d model of square
Goal take photos of squares
From photos and square being label 

Picture generates 3d object of square

Picture to 3d model

Geometries stinker better to start with

Labels?

Gan get series off ?

Create synthetic 

Label reference to 3d object

Remote sensing based estimate

Label for x y it’s true that it’s a certain fuel

Being in all data layers and run through cnn 
Ml end output classification
Or actual physical measurement

Look at code and paper in texts

3d gan generator 
YouTube in second 
 
2 layer identification of object first

Training data is a bunch of photos
Labeling define polygon around object

Polygon discrete square? <- discrete vs continuous idk meanings

Label that segments object from imagery

Segment out the literal object from multiple perspectives of different angles of exposure
Classification object gan generate 3d model


Read up on paper and code in texts sms messages

Go out and take photos 
pallmeto tree 

Spikeys segments easier geometry

Take pictures of pallmeto


Label photos  of bounding box coordinates
Try to get object identification and bounding box
Take pictures training data pallmeto 
50 photos of pallmeto


Where I could go for pictures? 

Nvidia gan verse Omni verse 
Ai playground 

Pine trees too ?


Could gan be mesh evaluation (how to evaluate) generates mesh vs known to be accurate mesh

Need actual scans or premade scans?

Any premade gans

30 A niceville apalachicola

Get images from Rowell 
Saw palmetto map online

Shade water but dry harder ground colder ground dark gray ground also sandy pink ground leaves different textures different varieties?

Panama City

Blountstown

Stop find pallmeto
Measure lengths and measurements of plants
Library of images and annotations
Any other additional papers

Build simple object gan or 3d gan

1,2,3 papers links to add TODO from texts

Object gan do segmentation of images to pull out 

Object gan identification segmentation of 
^

Next step extract 3d of sow pallmeto

Multiple angles
Take as many clean up later take at least ten

Directory of images and spreadsheet of data

Apilachicola pancea pallmeto south of Tallahassee


Saint marks 
wildlife refuge

Walkulla springs 

Tallahassee museum
Mashes sands

Saint George



Possibility of going to use their computers


Storage solutions

Peacockethan


Update on progress  after  tangibility

See keep list of links 

Export this to cleaner format 

Where should I store data 
Setup project tracker and progression 


Serenoa repens (Saw Palmetto)
http://3dgan.csail.mit.edu/

http://3dgan.csail.mit.edu/

https://arxiv.org/abs/1902.10740

https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01707

http://3dgan.csail.mit.edu/

https://github.com/jamesli1618/Obj-GAN

